Don't worry.
You're all going to die here today.
Ah new army
With your current economy
What are you fighting me with?
Even the new army was defeated
Our spiritual world is really over
Is it true that no one can defeat the demons?
Did you save the world?
It looks like we're going to die here today
Become the food for the demons
I have another life.
Never used
Mystic Method
It can't be generalized.
It is to improve the realm of body and mind
Your body is responding to the overwhelming force.
Collapsed
I, Li Aoxue, am not afraid of life and death
But for the sake of the world
Something must be done
The behavior of the new army is getting stronger
Has broken through the saint realm
Reached the dominant mirror
Oh Dominion Mirror
You actually broke through again
Even if you burn your life to break through
We are the same master mirror
You don't think you can get rid of it
I don't have to beat you.
I just want to die with you